# Lethal Constellations Change Log

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
 
The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/).

## [0.2.3]
 - Fixed issue where current constellation could not be calculated when loading a save that was last at the company moon.
	- With networkapi present, this variable will be tracked in your gamesave.
	- Without networkapi present, will resort to your default company constellation as defined by [CompanyDefaultConstellation]
		- If the config item fails to find a matching constellation, will return the first constellation.
 - Updated ThunderStore name to LethalConstellations (the underscore was bothering me)

## [0.2.2]
 - Added nullable to project.
 - Fixed issue where having the default moon for a constellation set to a moon that doesn't exist would break the terminal.
	- This would happen if you removed a moon from your mod profile or if you never set a default for the constellation.
 - Fixed issue where the CurrentConstellation publicized string value would be updated even if you can't afford the constellation.
	- Thanks @xCore
 - Added more error handling for cases where the terminal is broken.
	- and some logging for common things that have failed in the past

## [0.2.1]
 - Fixed issue of non-host players being unable to join the lobby with this mod present.
 - OneTimeUnlocks for Constellations is now dependent on whether or not [LethalNetworkAPI](https://thunderstore.io/c/lethal-company/p/xilophor/LethalNetworkAPI/) is present.
	- This will be a soft compatibility and if LethalNetworkAPI is not present then constellations will fall back to normal purchase behaviour.
 - Changed moon pricing list to use the actual extendedLevel from LLL rather than a string reference of it's name to hopefully fix issues with prices not updating.
 - Publicized the class containing RouteConstellationSuccess so it should now be accessible.
 - Raised maximum moon price to 99999
 - Added orphaned config item check to remove old inactive configs

## [0.2.0]
 - **WARNING** Backup your old config file before updating, some config items have moved/changed.
 - Fixed issue where Moon prices were not being updated at each lobby load
 - Fixed issue where constellations could still route to the company even if the config item was disabled
 - Added new handling for default config generation, will now create constellations based on moon danger level tiers.
	- When [ConstellationList] is left blank, constellations will be generated by moon hazard tiers. (A+,B+, etc.)
	- Constellation price defaults will be determined by default moon which is chosen randomly
 - Added new buyOnce behavior, where a constellation can be purchased one-time and then free for the rest of the save.
	- Utilizes the game save to remember whether a constellation has been purchased already.
	- buyOnce is configurable for each constellation.
 - Added config option to keep a moon hidden even while in it's constellation
 - Moved each constellation's config to it's own section
 - Added RouteConstellationSuccess event for other mods to subscribe to
 - Added isLocked property for other mods to access a constellation and lock it if needed
 - Added optionalParams property for other mods to access to input text into constellations menu via [optionals]
 - Added handling for [currentWeather] to display the default moon's current weather in the constellations menu
 - Updated handling for setting a moons constellation, you can now set multiple constellations for one moon
	- In the moon's constellation config item separate each constellation by a comma to register it for multiple constellations.

## [0.1.7]
 - Fixed issue with LethalConfig soft compatibility.
 - Added more compatibility for LethalMoonUnlocks

## [0.1.6]
 - Publicized some things for future compatibility with LethalMoonUnlocks by explodingMods (xCore)
 - fixed typo in a method name
 - fixed typo in manifest.json referencing incorrect OpenLib version number

## [0.1.5]
 - Added new config item [HideUnaffordableConstellations] to hide constellations you cannot afford
 - Added new config item [AddHintTo] to determine which base menus your hinttext would be added to
 - Changed otherText config items to hintText for better clarity
 - Added new config item [ConstellationsShortcuts] to set shortcut keywords for the constellations menu
 - Moved static config to the base plugin config rather than defining a new one.
 - Added multi-word constellation support
 - Backend changes to optimize constellation handling.
	- New ClassMapper will track constellations and their properties.
	- Replaced 5 different dictionaries with this new class.
 - Changed the generated default moon for each constellation to be a random moon from the list of moons the constellation belongs to.
 - Added new shortcuts config for each constellation to specify shortcut keywords for each constellation.
 - Added isHidden configuration for each constellation to hide special constellations.
 - Added canRouteCompany configuration for each constellation to specify whether you can route to the company building from it or not.
 - Fixed some instances where the customized [ConstellationsWord] was not being used in place of "Constellations"
  
## [0.1.0]
 - Initial Mod Creation.